Import .pst files to Microsoft 365 (#1449)
rackerlabs/support-how-to: content/how-to/office-365/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/index.md

---
permalink: import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365
audit_date: '2022-12-17'
title: How to import PST files to Microsoft 365
type: article
created_date: '2022-12-17'
created_by: Rohit Rajput
last_modified_date: '2022-12-17'
last_modified_by: Rohit Rajput
product: Office 365
product_url: office-365
---

How to import PST files to Microsoft 365
===============================================

> This article describes how to import a PST file into Microsoft 365 mailbox. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article describes how to import a PST file into a Microsoft 365 mailbox. 
```

### Prerequisites
- **Applies to:** Cloud Office Administrator
- **Difficulty:** Moderate
- **Tools required:** Microsoft Outlook

**NOTE**: Importing PST files into a mailbox requires the desktop version of Microsoft Outlook on Windows. If you have not yet configured your Microsoft 365 mailbox in Microsoft Outlook, see [Set up your Microsoft 365 Exchange Online mailbox in Outlook for Windows](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/set-up-your-microsoft-365-exchange-online-mailbox-in-outlook-for-windows/) for configuration steps.

For more information about prerequisite terminology, see [Cloud Office support terminology](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/cloud-office-support-terminology/).

Importing PST files to Microsoft 365
------------------------------------------

**Procedure**

> **Step 1**. Access the Microsoft Outlook application installed in your desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 1**. Open Microsoft Outlook with your Microsoft 365 mailbox profile.
```

> **Step 2**. From the top menu bar, select **File**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 2**. At the top of the Outlook ribbon, select **File**.
```

<img width="470" alt="file" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/file.png">

> **Step 3**. From the side menu panel, navigate **Open & Export>>Import/Export**. The Import and Export Wizard window opens. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 3**. Select **Open & Export >> Import/Export**. This will open the Import/Export wizard.
```

<img width="204" alt="Open Export and then import export" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/openexport_importexport.png">

**Step 4**. Select **Import from another program or file**, and then click **Next**.

<img width="235" alt="Import from another program" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/importfromanotherprogram.png">

> **Step 5**. Select **Outlook Data File (.pst)** file type and click **Next**. The Import Outlook Data File window opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 5**. Select **Outlook Data File (.pst)** and click **Next**.
```

<img width="225" alt="Outlook Datafile" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/outlookdatafile.png">

> **Step 6**. Click **Browse** to search for the .pst file you want to import. Under **Options**, choose how you want to handle duplicate items, then click **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 6**. Click **Browse** to search for the .pst file you want to import. Under **Options**, choose how you want to handle duplicate items, then click **Next**.
```

<img width="262" alt="Browse options" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/browse_options.png">

**Step 7**. Make sure the checkbox for **include subfolders** is checked and the **Import items into the same folder in:** is selected, with your mailbox selected in the drop-down menu.

<img width="243" alt="Import items into same folder" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/importitemsintosamefolder_finish.png">

**Step 8**. Click **Finish**. Outlook will begin importing the contents of your PST file. This process can take anywhere from a few seconds to a few hours depending on the size of the PST file.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### How to import a .pst file into a Microsoft 365 mailbox using Microsoft Outlook
<!-- YouTube video embed for https://youtu.be/w-DTWtGHspQ -->
{{< youtube w-DTWtGHspQ >}}
```

---
permalink: import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365
audit_date: '2022-12-17'
title: How to import PST files to Microsoft 365
type: article
created_date: '2022-12-17'
created_by: Rohit Rajput
last_modified_date: '2022-12-17'
last_modified_by: Rohit Rajput
product: Office 365
product_url: office-365
---

How to import PST files to Microsoft 365
===============================================

This article describes how to import a PST file into Microsoft 365 mailbox. 
### Prerequisites
- **Applies to:** Cloud Office Administrator
- **Difficulty:** Moderate
- **Tools required:** Microsoft Outlook

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   

> **Note**:  Importing PST files into a mailbox requires the desktop version of Microsoft Outlook on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Importing PST files into a mailbox requires the desktop version of Microsoft Outlook on Windows.
```

> **NOTE**: Importing PST files into a mailbox requires the desktop version of Microsoft Outlook on Windows.
> 
> **NOTE**: If you have not yet configured your Microsoft 365 mailbox in Microsoft Outlook, see [Set up your Microsoft 365 Exchange Online mailbox in Outlook for Windows](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/set-up-your-microsoft-365-exchange-online-mailbox-in-outlook-for-windows/) for configuration steps.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Importing PST files into a mailbox requires the desktop version of Microsoft Outlook on Windows. If you have not yet configured your Microsoft 365 mailbox in Microsoft Outlook, see [Set up your Microsoft 365 Exchange Online mailbox in Outlook for Windows](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/set-up-your-microsoft-365-exchange-online-mailbox-in-outlook-for-windows/) for configuration steps.

```

> -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
> Importing PST files into a mailbox requires the desktop version of Microsoft Outlook on Windows.
> If you have not yet configured your Microsoft 365 mailbox in Microsoft Outlook, see [Set up your Microsoft 365 Exchange Online mailbox in Outlook for Windows](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/set-up-your-microsoft-365-exchange-online-mailbox-in-outlook-for-windows/) for configuration steps.
> 
> For more information about prerequisite terminology, see [Cloud Office support terminology](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/cloud-office-support-terminology/).
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion   
**NOTE**: Importing PST files into a mailbox requires the desktop version of Microsoft Outlook on Windows.

**NOTE**: If you have not yet configured your Microsoft 365 mailbox in Microsoft Outlook, see [Set up your Microsoft 365 Exchange Online mailbox in Outlook for Windows](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/set-up-your-microsoft-365-exchange-online-mailbox-in-outlook-for-windows/) for configuration steps.

For more information about prerequisite terminology, see [Cloud Office support terminology](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/cloud-office-support-terminology/).

```

---
permalink: import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365

> audit_date: '2022-12-17'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
audit_date: '2022-12-19'
```

title: How to import PST files to Microsoft 365
type: article

> created_date: '2022-12-17'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created_date: '2022-12-19'
```

> created_by: Rohit Rajput

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created_by: Tom Mitchell
```

> last_modified_date: '2022-12-17'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
last_modified_date: '2022-12-19'
```

last_modified_by: Rohit Rajput
product: Office 365
product_url: office-365
---

How to import PST files to Microsoft 365
===============================================

This article describes how to import a PST file into a Microsoft 365 mailbox. 
### Prerequisites
- **Applies to:** Cloud Office Administrator
- **Difficulty:** Moderate
- **Tools required:** Microsoft Outlook

**NOTE**: Importing PST files into a mailbox requires the desktop version of Microsoft Outlook on Windows. If you have not yet configured your Microsoft 365 mailbox in Microsoft Outlook, see [Set up your Microsoft 365 Exchange Online mailbox in Outlook for Windows](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/set-up-your-microsoft-365-exchange-online-mailbox-in-outlook-for-windows/) for configuration steps.

For more information about prerequisite terminology, see [Cloud Office support terminology](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/cloud-office-support-terminology/).

Importing PST files to Microsoft 365
------------------------------------------

**Procedure**

**Step 1**. Open Microsoft Outlook with your Microsoft 365 mailbox profile.

**Step 2**. At the top of the Outlook ribbon, select **File**.

> <img width="470" alt="file" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/file.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img alt="file" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/file.png">
```

**Step 3**. Select **Open & Export >> Import/Export**. This will open the Import/Export wizard.

> <img width="204" alt="Open Export and then import export" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/openexport_importexport.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img alt="Open Export and then import export" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/openexport_importexport.png">
```

> <img width="204" alt="Open Export and then import export" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/openexport_importexport.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img alt="Open Export and then import export" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/openexport_importexport.png">
```

**Step 4**. Select **Import from another program or file**, and then click **Next**.

> <img width="235" alt="Import from another program" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/importfromanotherprogram.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img alt="Import from another program" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/importfromanotherprogram.png">
```

**Step 5**. Select **Outlook Data File (.pst)** and click **Next**.

> <img width="225" alt="Outlook Datafile" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/outlookdatafile.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img alt="Outlook Datafile" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/outlookdatafile.png">
```

**Step 6**. Click **Browse** to search for the .pst file you want to import. Under **Options**, choose how you want to handle duplicate items, then click **Next**.

> <img width="262" alt="Browse options" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/browse_options.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img alt="Browse options" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/browse_options.png">
```

**Step 7**. Make sure the checkbox for **include subfolders** is checked and the **Import items into the same folder in:** is selected, with your mailbox selected in the drop-down menu.

> <img width="243" alt="Import items into same folder" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/importitemsintosamefolder_finish.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img alt="Import items into same folder" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/importitemsintosamefolder_finish.png">
```

---
permalink: import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365
audit_date: '2022-12-17'
title: How to import PST files to Microsoft 365
type: article
created_date: '2022-12-17'
created_by: Rohit Rajput
last_modified_date: '2022-12-17'
last_modified_by: Rohit Rajput
product: Office 365
product_url: office-365
---

How to import PST files to Microsoft 365
===============================================

This article describes how to import a PST file into Microsoft 365 mailbox. 
### Prerequisites
- **Applies to:** Cloud Office Administrator
- **Difficulty:** Moderate
- **Tools required:** Microsoft Outlook

> -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>    
> **Note** 
> 
> - You can configure your Microsoft 365 mailbox in Microsoft Outlook. For more information on configuration process, see [Set up your Microsoft 365 Exchange Online mailbox in Outlook for Windows](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/set-up-your-microsoft-365-exchange-online-mailbox-in-outlook-for-windows/).
> 	
> - You can refer prerequisite terminology, see [Cloud Office support terminology](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/cloud-office-support-terminology/).
> 
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
**Note**:  Importing PST files into a mailbox requires the desktop version of Microsoft Outlook on Windows.
If you have not yet configured your Microsoft 365 mailbox in Microsoft Outlook, see [Set up your Microsoft 365 Exchange Online mailbox in Outlook for Windows](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/set-up-your-microsoft-365-exchange-online-mailbox-in-outlook-for-windows/) for configuration steps.

For more information about prerequisite terminology, see [Cloud Office support terminology](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/cloud-office-support-terminology/).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

---
permalink: import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365
audit_date: '2022-12-17'
title: How to import PST files to Microsoft 365
type: article
created_date: '2022-12-17'
created_by: Rohit Rajput
last_modified_date: '2022-12-17'
last_modified_by: Rohit Rajput
product: Office 365
product_url: office-365
---

How to import PST files to Microsoft 365
===============================================

This article describes how to import a PST file into Microsoft 365 mailbox. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites
- **Applies to:** Cloud Office Administrator
- **Difficulty:** Moderate
- **Tools required:** Microsoft Outlook

```

------------------------------------------

**Procedure**

**Step 1**. Access the Microsoft Outlook application installed in your desktop.

**Step 2**. From the top menu bar, select **File**.

<img width="470" alt="file" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/file.png">

**Step 3**. From the side menu panel, navigate **Open & Export>>Import/Export**. The Import and Export Wizard window opens. 

<img width="204" alt="Open Export and then import export" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/openexport_importexport.png">

**Step 4**. Select **Import from another program or file**, and then click **Next**.

<img width="235" alt="Import from another program" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/importfromanotherprogram.png">

**Step 5**. Select **Outlook Data File (.pst)** file type and click **Next**. The Import Outlook Data File window opens.

<img width="225" alt="Outlook Datafile" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/outlookdatafile.png">

**Step 6**. Click **Browse** to search for the .pst file you want to import. Under **Options**, choose how you want to handle duplicate items, then click **Next**.

> <img width="262" alt="Browse options" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/browse_option.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img width="262" alt="Browse options" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/browse_options.png">
```

---
permalink: import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365
audit_date: '2022-12-17'
title: How to import PST files to Microsoft 365
type: article
created_date: '2022-12-17'
created_by: Rohit Rajput
last_modified_date: '2022-12-17'
last_modified_by: Rohit Rajput
product: Office 365
product_url: office-365
---

How to import PST files to Microsoft 365
===============================================

This article describes how to import a PST file into Microsoft 365 mailbox. 
### Prerequisites
- **Applies to:** Cloud Office Administrator
- **Difficulty:** Moderate
- **Tools required:** Microsoft Outlook

> Important Considerations for Importing
> ----------------------------------------------
> 
> Before you proceed to import PST files to Microsoft 365, consider the following points:
> 
> - Ensure that you have Cloud Office Administrator access
> 
> - Ensure that you have installed Desktop version of Microsoft Outlook in Windows 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Before you proceed to import PST files to Microsoft 365, consider the following points:

- Ensure that you have Cloud Office Administrator access

- Ensure that you have installed Desktop version of Microsoft Outlook in Windows 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   
**Note** 

- You can configure your Microsoft 365 mailbox in Microsoft Outlook. For more information on configuration process, see [Set up your Microsoft 365 Exchange Online mailbox in Outlook for Windows](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/set-up-your-microsoft-365-exchange-online-mailbox-in-outlook-for-windows/).
	
- You can refer prerequisite terminology, see [Cloud Office support terminology](https://docs.rackspace.com/support/how-to/cloud-office-support-terminology/).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Importing PST files to Microsoft 365
------------------------------------------

**Procedure**

**Step 1**. Access the Microsoft Outlook application installed in your desktop.

**Step 2**. From the top menu bar, select **File**.

> <img width="470" alt="file" src="file.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img width="470" alt="file" src="/support/how-to/office-365/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/file.png">
```

> <img width="470" alt="file" src="/support/how-to/office-365/file.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img width="470" alt="file" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/file.png">
```

> <img width="470" alt="file" src="/support/how-to/office-365/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/file.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img width="470" alt="file" src="/support/how-to/office-365/file.png">
```

**Step 3**. From the side menu panel, navigate **Open & Export>>Import/Export**. The Import and Export Wizard window opens. 

> <img width="204" alt="openexport_importexport" src="openexport_importexport.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img width="204" alt="Open Export and then import export" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/openexport_importexport.png">
```

**Step 4**. Select **Import from another program or file**, and then click **Next**.

> <img width="235" alt="importfromanotherprogram" src="importfromanotherprogram.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img width="235" alt="Import from another program" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/importfromanotherprogram.png">
```

**Step 5**. Select **Outlook Data File (.pst)** file type and click **Next**. The Import Outlook Data File window opens.

> <img width="225" alt="outlookdatafile" src="outlookdatafile.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img width="225" alt="Outlook Datafile" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/outlookdatafile.png">
```

**Step 6**. Click **Browse** to search for the .pst file you want to import. Under **Options**, choose how you want to handle duplicate items, then click **Next**.

> <img width="262" alt="browse_options" src="browse_option.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img width="262" alt="Browse options" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/browse_option.png">
```

**Step 7**. Make sure the checkbox for **include subfolders** is checked and the **Import items into the same folder in:** is selected, with your mailbox selected in the drop-down menu.

> <img width="243" alt="importitemsintosamefolder_finish" src="importitemsintosamefolder_finish.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img width="243" alt="Import items into same folder" src="/support/how-to/import_pstfiles_to-microsoft365/importitemsintosamefolder_finish.png">
```

**Step 8**. Click **Finish**. Outlook will begin importing the contents of your PST file. This process can take anywhere from a few seconds to a few hours depending on the size of the PST file.

> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
